When she was about 13 years old, she had a nightmare...
She saw herself talking to the devil in the exact same spot she used to talk to herself every single day!

A few days later,she had another dream that she was dead and no one even noticed that she was lying there.Everyone just stamped upon her, spit on her and threw waste
on her! She tried to help herself in the dream,but couldn't! When she woke up,she felt very eerie.As if someone was watching her!

Realization dawned upon her that frequent talking to herself was making her insane.
She wanted a solution and an idea sparked in her brain!...She could start writing a diary!

She searched the entire house for a diary and found a brand new one! But she thought it would be better to ask her mom before taking it for herself.
Her mom permitted her and she started jotting everything down in her diary.She stopped getting those nightmares and felt more saneful.

Eventhough she hated going to school,she had to go there every single day as no one would help her out if she missed important
annuncements or some tips or tricks given by the teachers or even some general notes.

It had once happened that she became extremely sick and had to get admitted in the hospital for more than a month!
When she came back,everyone frowned upon her...Her teachers punished her for bunking the classes!.She explained that she was in the hospital
and she even showed them the medical certificates.But they didn't believe her at all!

Even the other students spread more rumours about her and she became the worst student in everyone's eyes!!

But she was felt bad when even her mom started doubting her...

"What has happened to you Gwen?" - her mom pulled her hair and dragged her till the kitchen and scolded her.

"Mom...Please believe me...They think I had bunked the classes while I was actually in the hospital!"
"Well...If that is so,then how did everyone believe Jenny when she clearly told a lie about having a fracture in the leg ,while the entire locality knew she had
gone in the cruise ship?Stop making stuffs up Gwen...I never believe you would do such a thing!...You have become a totally indisciplined child!"

"Mom...please believe me...I don't care if no one else does...but you are the most important and valuable person in my life ever since I was born...
And if even you don't believe me then I cannot live!"

Her mom didn't say anything and simply allowed her to go.She was devastated!She souldn't concentrate on anything at all.Her exams was starting fromt he next
week and she knew that if she performed well,her mom might forgive her(for something she hasn't done) and in that way she may be able to regain her trust.
But she could not concentrate at all!....
That night she couldn't even fall asleep!
