"What are you doing here,Mark?" - Gwen asked him.

Mark found himself lying on the ground in front of her house.

"How did I come here?" Mark felt a sharp pain in the back of his head."Was I knocked out?"

"Well...I don't know!..My mom saw you unconscious and tried to wake you up earlier.But you didn't reply and so she called me to have a look"

"Hmm...Thanks for waking me up!..That was a very weird dream!!"

"Hmmm...Ok...Let's go to school now!"
"Yeah..I need to get ready..You leave...I'll come a bit late."
...

No one wished Gwen a Happy Birthday!..She had even taken a box of chocolates with her.

In the last period, She decided to announce everyone about her birthday.
"Hey everyone!!...Today is my birthday!"-she blurted as excitedly as she possibly can.

A couple of her classmates laughed at her.A few teased her. But her teacher had heard her and she wished her!
"Thank you ma'am!"-she smiled and offered her the entire box.She took only one.
"So what's your age now?"
"I am 9 yrs now ma'am!"
"Wish you all the good luck and happiness!" her ma'am blessed and instructed her to go back to her place.

That was it...No one even looked towards her at school that day!
"It just made things worse...I should never had told anyone about my birthday!"-Gwen spoke to herself as she packed her bag to go home.

Her parents took her out in the evening to a distant park that she always wanted to go.She forgot all those that had happened to her
in the school and played for hours and hours till she was the only kid remaining! Her parents also allowed her to do so and was happy to see her having
a good time.

...

As the days went by,she started talking to herself more and more and tried not to talk to anyone whosoever.She would only talk to her mom.

But her mom too got bored of all the things she shared ,as she used to say everything to her mom.She started ignoring Gwen and continued
doing her own kitchen work or office work,whichever appropriate, whilst she was chattering her heart away.

Gwen would talk to her herself in the school to ignore the mean glares and evil smiles of her classmates.
Years passed by and everyone started calling her an introvert, a jerk.
Her only best friends were her mom,her books and herself.
